Substrate constructor overloading names (#1006)
hyperledger/solang: docs/language/contracts.rst

      }
  }

> In Substrate, constructor can optionally have a name and may have any number of arguments.
> If a constructor has arguments, then when the contract is deployed then those arguments must be supplied.

Reviewer: Your version reads like arguments are only permitted on Substrate

```suggestion
A constructor can have any number of arguments. In Substrate, it may have a name. The constructor
name is only used for the metadata, nothing further.
If a constructor has arguments, then when the contract is deployed then those arguments must be supplied.
```

Author: > Please can have some tests that check that constructor names cannot be the same as function names

Hmm I'm not exactly sure where to implement this check, most likely in `src/sema/contracts.rs` ?

> If a constructor has arguments, then when the contract is deployed then those arguments must be supplied.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If a constructor has arguments, those arguments must be supplied when the contract is deployed.
```
The repeated usage of `then` made this sentence awkward.
